Collect together your tools:

 - long-handled wooden spoon
 - digital thermometer
 - large black ladle
 - glass measuring cup
 - small whisk
 - tablespoon
 - large steel pot (pressure cooker)
 - large jar for holding yoghurt
 - a wooden stool
 - the blue fleece blanket

And the ingredients:

 - gallon of milk
 - container of fresh yoghurt

Instructions:

1. Pour the milk into the steel pot, and put it on the stove on low to medium
   heat.
2. Place thermometer so it latches onto the side of the pot, and turn it on.
3. Let milk warm until it reaches 70 degrees farenheit.
4. While milk is warming, still occasionally.
5. Empty out both sinks of all dishes.
6. Plug the left sink and fill it halfway with cold water.  Put the large
   empty jar into the right sink.
7. Spoon out two tablespoons of yoghurt into the measuring cup.
8. When milk reaches 70 degrees, turn the heat up to just above medium.  Not
   any higher, or the milk will scald in the pot.
9. Stir the pot each time it raises by 10 degrees, until it is 170.
10. At 170, stir frequently until it is 185.
11. Precisely at 185, take the pot off the stove and put it into the cold
    water in the left sink.
12. While milk is cooling, removing the metal racks from the oven.
13. Preheat oven to its lowest temperature.
14. Stir the cooling milk, keeping an eye on its temperature.
15. When milk reaches 118, remove it from the sink.
16. Use ladle to pour warm milk onto the yoghurt in the measuring cup, until
    it is full.
17. Whisk the milk and the yoghurt.
18. Pour the whisked yoghurt milk into the pot, and stir it well.
19. Pour the milk into the jar in the right sink.  Be careful, as the pot will
    be very heavy, and it is hard to pour into the jar without the milk
    running over the sides.
20. Place the blue fleece blanket on the stool, and unfold it until it is
    doubly thick.
21. Place the jar on the blanket, then wrap it up.
22. Turn off the oven
23. Open the oven.
24. Put the jar into the oven, and then close it.
25. Carefully clean off the thermometer and turn it off.
26. Place all the remaining milk "tools" into the pot, and fill the pot with
    hot water.
27. Clean all the yoghurt making tools.
28. Note the time.  Roughly 12 hours later, remove the milk jar and transfer
    it to the fridge.
