   /Applications

     Where I install all licensed or free applications.

   Archives

     Seldom accessed, mostly immutable.  Could be placed on very slow media
     without harm.  Tends to be rather large, and to grow and not shrink.

   Books

     Just like Archives, except frequently accessed.  Smaller in size.

   Contracts

     Decrypted mount points for ongoing Contract work.  For use with encfs.

   Desktop

     Highly volatile, representing files that are in an immediate queue to be
     dealt with.  Usually live less than a week.  After that time, I either a)
     deal with the file, or b) move it to a more appropriate place and create a
     reference in my org-mode file to the new location.  It usually goes to
     Documents, or gets archived as an org-mode attachment.

   Documents         (aka ~/doc)                                     VERSIONED

     Just like Books, except frequently written to as well as accessed.  Tends
     to grow and not shrink.  Contains primarily documents written by me,
     including work-in-process, such as the source documents for my websites.

   Downloads         (aka ~/dl)

     Frequently written to, but always resolved to zero size within 8 hours or
     so.  Once a file in Downloads is dealt with, it almost always moves to
     Archives or Sources.

   Library

     Contains user-specific settings, outside of the regular "dot files".  Very
     frequently accessed (almost always within every 5 minutes).

   Library/Scripts   (aka ~/bin)                                     VERSIONED

     Scripts used to drive the system in various ways.  Not real Applications
     in the sense that they typically have no UI, or exist solely to complement
     an Application in an auxiliary capacity.

   Machines

     Virtual machines.  By far the large directory on my system, and only
     backed up once a week.

   Movies

     Movies to watch, or that I have watched.  These are mostly downloaded
     things, like screen casts.  Note that very large media, such as ripped
     DVDs, are not kept here but in a "DVDs" directory on an external hard
     drive.  Note that this directory is just like Archives, just more
     frequently accessed and media specific.

   Music

     All of my music and other audio files.  This is just like Archives, just
     more frequently accessed and media specific.

   Pictures

     Another directory in the vein of Books, Movies and Music, except that this
     one contains photographs and pictures, both taken by me (Pictures/My
     Photos), and taken by other people.  This directory can get truly
     enormous, so the inactive parts of it -- such as digital negatives -- are
     kept on a related "Pictures" directory on an external hard drive.  This
     directory is only backed up weekly, with the external portion of it
     mirrored on two separate devices.

   Private

     Contains encrypted disk images and sparse bundles, which get mounted in
     /Volumes or ~/Contracts.

   Products

     Build products.  This is a sort of /tmp directory, except that I want the
     build products kept around between reboots.  It could be trashed at any
     time, however, without ill-effect.

   Projects          (aka ~/src)                                     VERSIONED

     Source code projects that I am either the author of, the principle
     maintainer, or very actively involved.  Projects that I merely contribute
     to are kept in ~/Sources.

   Public                                                            VERSIONED

     Contains files that are publically available to anyone within range of my
     machine.  Note that this is an exact mirror of the FTP directory on my
     public server.  I use "git push" to send over permanent contents, and
     "scp" to send over transient contents (because they'll be deleted on the
     next "git push -f && ssh newartisans.com 'GIT_DIR=/srv/ftp/pub (git reset
     --hard && git clean -fxd)'").  By versioning the contents I know that
     nothing has been changed.
     
   Sites                                                             VERSIONED

     Contains published versions of all of my website, and serves as a local
     mirror of the contents of /srv/httpd on my public server.  Contents are
     deployed using git push as done for Public.

   Sources                                                           VERSIONED

     Source projects I install, reference, or infrequently contribute to.  I
     prefer to access these projects using git or git-svn, although sometimes I
     must use darcs or hg.  When downloading tarballs, I always create a Git
     repository immediately after unarchiving so that I can track any changes I
     make.  In this case, having .git/info/exclude is great because I can
     ignore files without having to add a .gitignore file to the project.

   Torrents

     Analogous to Downloads, except that I never want to see its contents
     because they are always "in progress".  When a torrent is finished
     downloading, it gets moved to Downloads immediately and is seeded from
     there until I archive it.

